In this compressed WINZIP folder you will find the MICS4 datasets for the selected 
country. 

Six SPSS data files were produced, corresponding to the units of analysis: 
Households - hh.sav 
Household members - hl.sav
Mosquito nets in households - tn.sav
Women in reproductive age (15-49 years of age) – wm.sav
Female genital mutilation/cutting - fg.sav 
Mothers or primary caretakers of children under the age of five – ch.sav

Notes on the Nigeria Datasets:

1. Due to data entry error variable FG22 "Should FGMC practice be continued or discontinued" has valid values only for 
women age 15-49 years with at least one living daughter, although information was collected for all women age 15 - 49 years.

The characteristics of the data such as sample size, weights, variable labels and 
information on recoded or imputed variables can be found within the survey archive 
which will be made available shortly on http://www.childinfo.org/mics4_surveys.html The survey archive will also contain the questionnaires and information on the sampling and 
implementation of the survey.  

Access Conditions:

Survey datasets are distributed at no cost for legitimate research, with the condition that 
we receive a description of the objectives of any research project that will be using the 
data prior to authorizing their distribution. 

Copies of all reports and publications based on the requested data must be sent to the 
following:

1) Head of National Statistical Organization: 	Dr. Yemi Kale
Statistician-General  and CEO: 
sgnbsk@gmail.com

Address: National Bureau of Statistics, Plot 762, Independence Avenue, CBD.
City: Abuja
Country: Nigeria

2) Coordinador MICS Nigeria: 	Isiaka Olarewaju 
Deputy Director (Household Surveys)
ialarewaju@yahoo.com

Address: National Bureau of Statistics, Plot 762, Independence Avenue, CBD.
City: Abuja
Country: Nigeria

3) The UNICEF Representative: Jean Gough
jgough@unicef.org
Address: UN House, Plot 617/618, Central Business District,
Diplomatic Zone, Garki, PMB 2851, Abuja, Nigeria
City: FCT, Abuja
Country: Nigeria

4) Chief of Planning, Monitoring and Evaluation: Denis Jobin  
 djobin@unicef.org
Address: UN House, Plot 617/618, Central Business District,
Diplomatic Zone, Garki, PMB 2851, Abuja, Nigeria
City: Abuja
Country: Nigeria

The above contact details are as of April 11, 2013. Please contact:  djobin@unicef.org for any updates.

