In this compressed WINZIP folder you will find the MICS5 datasets for the selected 
country. 

Eight SPSS data files were produced, corresponding to the units of analysis: 
Households - hh.sav 
Household members - hl.sav
Mosquito nets in households - tn.sav
Women in reproductive age (15-49 years of age) – wm.sav
Birth history - bh.sav 
Female genital mutilation/cutting - fg.sav
Mothers or primary caretakers of children under the age of five – ch.sav
Men (15-49 years of age) – mn.sav

Notes:
1. Updated version of "bh.sav" file was uploaded on 21.06.2018. 
   Updated version includes variable wmweight (Women sample weight) which was previously missing.

2. Updated version of "hh.sav" file was  uploaded on 28.4.2020. 
   "wscore - wscoreu - windex5u - wscorer - windex5r" variables are corrected at the updated version.


The characteristics of the data such as sample size, weights, variable labels and 
information on recoded or imputed variables can be found within the survey archive 
which will be made available shortly on http://mics.unicef.org/surveys
The survey archive will also contain the questionnaires and information on the sampling and 
implementation of the survey.  

Geocodes, i.e., latitude and longitude, are available for each survey cluster. To ensure respondent protection, these data have been anonymised prior to release. Anonymised GPS datasets are accessible on the MICS website, subject to specific terms of use. In addition, Survey Boundaries and Geospatial Covariates can also be downloaded. 

Access Conditions:

Survey datasets are distributed at no cost for legitimate research, with the condition that 
we receive a description of the objectives of any research project that will be using the 
data prior to authorizing their distribution. 

Copies of all reports and publications based on the requested data must be sent to the 
following:

1) 
National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) 
Plot 762, Independence Avenue,
Central Business District,
FCT, Abuja
Nigeria
www.nigerianstat.gov.ng
feedback@nigerianstat.gov.ng


2) 
UNICEF ABUJA - Country Office
Postal address:
United Nations House
Plot 617/618, Diplomatic Drive
Central Business District
PMB 2851, Garki, Abuja, Nigeria
Physical address:
Old Central Bank Building
Zaria Street,
Garki 11, Abuja
(Opposite the FCT Police Command)
Tel: +234 9 461 8600, 461 8505
Facsimile: +234 9 461 8578
Email: abuja@unicef.org